love and hate is love
with the face
the place I will not pass the line presents this month of March one of the
its main novelties for this year the new generation of jetta
that instigate two new versions ai laini conforti line
is the result of a totally new project the model comes with the mission of
increase its prominence in the segment of medium sedans to know in detail the
new generation of the average sedan that is worldwide successful
world thanks to its high-tech sports TV and stylish high-level
top performance
the new jetta was fully developed in the German introduces a new platform
of the Volkswagen Group which was specially developed for him
The result of this innovation is greater comfort and ample internal space for
all passengers and better stability the volkswagen jetta is the
the largest sedan in the category with the longest wheelbase and a wide
510 liters trunk
published impresses to see the new design reflecting the global style line
of the Volkswagen brand with elegance, sportiness and balance
with characteristics always present in jetta
for the front it brings the v-shaped hood to the parallel lines
combined with the group arrived in trapeze form
profile clean lines inspired by the dynamic concept of the car with the sound
of pronouncements and and emphasis on the arcs of the adventures of the wheels
in the back is distinguished by the optical assembly divided into two parts
and going from the paralamas to the back cover in harmony with the traces
of the new sedado
the inner part of the jetta is also brand new with the same level of
quality ergonomics present throughout the volksvagen line the
The positioning of the instrument panel was carefully
to offer pleasant intuitive economic commands the balance of
colors' the quality of investment in refined materials is obvious
reinforce the feeling of comfort in the new jetta
the interior space has been enhanced with more space for passengers in the
the back seat which results in urban and road trips with much more
comfort
the tradition of an automobile with high performance and quality of a volkswagen
is still present in the jetta which brings a mechanical assembly in line with what
there is more modern in the world the jetta ryan still equipped with an engine 2
points 0 tsi cloudy of 200 horses of excellent actor that from the lowest
rotations
and direct fuel injection system the 'engine' work in
harmony with the transmission of giving up double clutch tiptronic six
speeds
This results in faster, smoother gearshifts.
human format somewhat automatic
as torture and the dual clutch gearbox are two items that only the
new jetta offers in the segment of Brazilian mid-sized sedans
with advanced technology like thor 2 points 0 tsi one of the most powerful thrusters
world-renowned for their high-performance performance
the low consumption and low emissions of pollutants
the etarras line has excellent acceleration from 0 to 100 kilometers per
hour and reaches the top speed of 238 kilometers per hour
in a road course is able to run on average 14 point eight
kilometers with a liter of gasoline
in the version with force line the new jetta is highlighted in the relation
cost-effective and that's why volkswagen opted for the bike 2 points 0 in itu so
complex of 120 horses
fully adjusted to the Brazilian conditions with the new system of
awareness of this propeller option provides low noise levels and
vibrations
developed with a new application of the new injection system software
jetta performs better than competitors, especially in
and using ethanol the new comfortline jetta can be equipped with
five-speed manual transmission or with the
the second generation of the troni type that provides softer
better engine utilization and higher torque and lower fuel consumption.
fuel
the new rival jetta is still above all that exists in the segment of sedans
Average in Brazil
plus the engine 2 points 0 tsi high-tech exchange dsg the car arrives
with an extensive list of standard equipment
it includes the new mp3 radio having destroyed mourning brakes abs the mr and his and
17-inch alloy wheels stability control
air conditioning climatronic bi-zone autopilot sensors
front and rear parking unsurprisingly the rain scolari in function
also the i20 driving headlamps in addition to leather seats
twin security terms the final version and account with six air bags
two front two for the front occupants and two for the front
curtain that protect the side window area of ​​any vehicle
The new electronic safety system allows the detection of impacts
in addition to a change in the motor rotation so that the system has greater
The new jetta is built with a new
high strength steel alloy
that create a highly secure structure without increasing the price of the automobile to
comfortline version offers excellent value for money in its
segment without giving up the items most sought after by its consumers.
new jetta comfortline equipped with a motor 2 points 0 total flex of 120
horses 16-inch alloy wheels
Variable windshield wipers allow t in addition to bumpers
body color door mirrors and door handles
The car also features crankcase protector rear view mirrors with
electric drive heated in double exhaust outlet
In terms of security, the comfort version also stands out with
brakes abs a sr ideli air bags for the driver and front passenger
the passenger side and even the sides on the seats.
front
said he also brings anti-theft alarm
beep sound system isofix system for safety seats for
warning of not wearing a seat belt and the device
pre-tensioner in addition to three-point rear belts
fog lights and front parking sensors
rear